Tidying up the Interacting section (#529)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: Documentation~/Scene_Information.md

# Scene Information

> ![The Scene Information Overlay](images/show-scene-info.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The Scene Information overlay](images/show-scene-info.png)
```

The **Scene Information** overlay displays information about the selected mesh and selected elements of that mesh.

> To display the overly, select the **Show Scene Info** setting in the [Preferences](preferences.md#info_overlay). You [active context](modes.md) must be ProBuilder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display the Scene Information overlay, select the **Show Scene Info** setting in the [Preferences](preferences.md#info_overlay). Your [active context](modes.md) must be set to ProBuilder to display the Scene Information overlay.
```
